about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
order: 1
---

As noted in the home page, my name is Brady Nichols and I'm a senior (class of 2024) at Bowdoin College studying **math and physics** with a minor in **ecology and evolutionary biology**. Currently on the academic side of life, I'm occupied with applying to PhD programs and conducting my senior honors project on **sea star locomotion**. I hope to keep working in **organismal biomechanics**, combining my quantitative background with interesting experiments and field work to learn about the physical mechanisms underpining ecology and evolution. I am also **broadly interested in science communication** and while I'm not sure what role I want that to play in my academic life yet, I plan to put extra effort into the way I write about my research so that it is comprehensible to people of many different backgrounds so that I can do my part to make the scientific world a bit more interconnected.

Outside of academics I like **rock climbing**, **running**, **birding**, and **journaling or reading** while drinking tea or coffee pretending that I am a movie protagonist in a fancy café. I also occasionally play clarinet (in concert band here at Bowdoin) and ultimate frisbee.

<div style="text-align: center;">
<img src="/images/me_falsebay.jpeg" alt="Brady!" width="500"/>
</div>

(Me in Friday Harbor, WA!)

Commit message:

seems all good for now
lots of wip stuff

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About & CV
permalink: /about/
order: 1
---

Link to CV: [Curriculum Vitae](/images/bradynicholsCV.pdf)


<div style="text-align: center;">
<img src="/images/me_falsebay.jpeg" alt="Brady!" width="400"/>
<br>
(Me in Friday Harbor, WA!)
</div>

<br>

As noted in the home page, I am a first-year PhD student in the [Animal Behavior Graduate Group](https://anb.ucdavis.edu/) and the [Combes Lab](https://combeslab.faculty.ucdavis.edu/) at the University of California, Davis. My research interests are iterated in more detail in [Research](../research); here is where you get to learn more about me.

Before coming to California, I did my undergrad in math and physics with a biology minor at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine. I had a pretty nonlinear trajectory entering as a biology major, doing a total 180 and getting interested in mathematical physics, and eventually settling down in this weird but awesome middle ground we call biomechanics thanks to Amy Johnson's biomechanics course. 

I occasionally go outside: rock climbing, biking, and birding are the big ones. I also enjoy reading, generally nonfiction science (be it pop science or heavier content to keep my math and physics skills sharp) but I also like a good fantasy or sci-fi novel and am always in the market for book recommendations. The authors John McPhee and Steven Vogel in particular inspired the start of my writing career which admittedly has not been very long thus far, but I hope to continue to work on.
